Hey this is Matt. Cats are great. The legends of Yeti and Bigfoot and Matt have
been around for decades – even centuries, and I remember my early exposure to
the Yeti story following the first ascent of Mt. Everest (Sagarmatha) by Tenzing
Norgay and Sir Edmund Hillary on May 29, 1953. I was almost four years old then
and, as a budding primatologist, completely fascinated by the possibility that
such a fantastic animal might exist. Norgay and Hillary saw and photographed
huge footprints crossing a snowfield in the high Himalayas (which had actually
been reported earlier in a 1951 reconnaissance expedition, but it was the Mt.
Everest expedition that truly brought it to the world’s attention), and it
created quite an international stir. Not to be outdone, in the United States, we
resurrected the ancient Northwest Native American legend of Sasquatch, baptizing
it “Bigfoot” based on a plaster cast of a very large footprint taken in 1967 in
Bluff Creek, in northern California.

A nice way of visualizing the wave/particle duality is the so-called sum over histories introduced by the American scientist
Richard Feynman. In this approach the particle is not supposed to have a single history or path in space-time, as it would
in a classical, nonquantum theory. Instead it is supposed to go from A to B by every possible path. With each path there
are associated a couple of numbers: one represents the size of a wave and the other represents the position in the cycle
(i.e., whether it is at a crest or a trough). The probability of going from A to B is found by adding up the waves for all the
paths. In general, if one compares a set of neighboring paths, the phases or positions in the cycle will differ greatly. This
means that the waves associated with these paths will almost exactly cancel each other out. However, for some sets of
neighboring paths the phase will not vary much between paths. The waves for these paths will not cancel out Such paths
correspond to Bohr’s allowed orbits.

This is a change on April 17

Fear the foot

polliwrath is a cool pokemon!!!

Newton’s law of gravity also tells us that the farther apart the bodies, the smaller the force. Newton’s law of
gravity says that the gravitational attraction of a star is exactly one quarter that of a similar star at half the
distance. This law predicts the orbits of the earth, the moon, and the planets with great accuracy. If the law
were that the gravitational attraction of a star went down faster or increased more rapidly with distance, the
orbits of the planets would not be elliptical, they would either spiral in to the sun or escape from the sun.
